README.md, before:

# Maintenance [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> Useful resources about maintenance and maintaining things. Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) first.

## Contents

- [Networks and Communities](#networks-and-communities)
- [Videos](#videos)
- [Articles](#articles)
- [Events](#events)
- [Projects](#projects)
- [Newsletters](#newsletters)

## Networks and Communities

- [The Maintainers](https://themaintainers.org/) - A global research network interested in the concepts of maintenance, infrastructure, repair, and the myriad forms of labor and expertise that sustain our human-built world.

## Videos

- [Festival of Maintenance YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpufp_ikE1old2nGP5XhpWQ)

## Articles

- [Why repair is essential in times of crisis](https://repair.eu/news/why-repair-is-essential-in-times-of-crisis/) - Apr 21, 2020.

## Events

- [Festival of Maintenance](https://festivalofmaintenance.org.uk/) - Follow FoM on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/MaintenanceFest) and [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/maintenancefest).

## Newsletters

- [Festival of Maintenance Newsletter](https://tinyletter.com/FestivalOfMaintenance) - Occasional updates about the Festival of Maintenance.

## License

[![CC0](https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0)

To the extent possible under law, the Festival of Maintenance has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

Maintenance by design
https://uncertaintymindset.substack.com/p/15-maintenance-by-design

README.md, after:

# Maintenance [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> Useful resources about maintenance and maintaining things. Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) first.

## Contents

- [Networks and Communities](#networks-and-communities)
- [Videos](#videos)
- [Articles](#articles)
- [Events](#events)
- [Newsletters](#newsletters)

## Networks and Communities

- [The Maintainers](https://themaintainers.org/) - A global research network interested in the concepts of maintenance, infrastructure, repair, and the myriad forms of labor and expertise that sustain our human-built world.

## Videos

- [Festival of Maintenance YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpufp_ikE1old2nGP5XhpWQ)

## Articles

- [Why repair is essential in times of crisis](https://repair.eu/news/why-repair-is-essential-in-times-of-crisis/) - Apr 21, 2020.
- [Maintenance by design](https://uncertaintymindset.substack.com/p/15-maintenance-by-design) - How to think about designing people, teams, organizations, and supersystems to be ready for uncertainty. Feb 12, 2020.

## Events

- [Festival of Maintenance](https://festivalofmaintenance.org.uk/) - Follow FoM on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/MaintenanceFest) and [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/maintenancefest).

## Newsletters

- [Festival of Maintenance Newsletter](https://tinyletter.com/FestivalOfMaintenance) - Occasional updates about the Festival of Maintenance.

## License

[![CC0](https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0)

To the extent possible under law, the Festival of Maintenance has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.
